+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| P R O P A G A N D A   Desktop Enhancements For Linux   by Bowie J.Poag |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

  Hello! Thanks for downloading this archive..I hope you get out of it as
much as I put into it. :) Propaganda is a pet project of mine--my way of
helping the Linux community by drawing attention to the platform, and
providing current Linux users (and prospective ones!) with the raw
materials they need to customize the appearance of their systems.

  Propaganda, at its core, is basically a collection of "seamless tiles"..
Graphics which are drawn in such a way that they do not appear to repeat
at the edges. All the graphics for Propaganda are drawn with GIMP, an
excellent paint program also made available under the GNU GPL. Propaganda
tiles are painted in a wide variety of styles, textures and sizes, making
them ideal for use in 3D applications, or simply as desktop wallpaper.

  Propaganda tiles can be used freely, provided they are not bundled with
a product which violates the GPL. You can download them, use them wherever
you like, even give some to a friend. Thats fine -- But personally, my
thoughts are with the advancement of Linux as a platform. Propaganda is a
way to show the rest of the industry that Linux can be made _as good_ , if
not better than a certain unnamed Redmond,WA-based software giant's
"operating system". :) Its hoped that Propaganda will attract users to
Linux, and help current users at the same time.

If you'de like to drop me a line, or if you have a question regarding
something i'm involved with, feel free to do so by emailing me at
bowie23@excite.com.

Until then, good luck, and happy hunting. :) And again, thanks for
downloading Propaganda.. Its popularity and success come from folks like
you.

Bowie J. Poag
5/15/01

